Well, I was assigned to a minute man
missile and I was on the night shift
and my job is just basically sit there
and uh do nothing really and it was
foggy.
Next thing I know, I see this shadow in
the in the fog. I'm looking and I see
this shadow and uh I see a a man which
would appear to be a man emerge from the
fog.
But as it got closer, I realized this
was not what it was. And I could feel it
in my mind. I mean, it was like it was
it started grabbing hold of me.
For decades, there's been a strange and
deeply unsettling pattern lurking
beneath nuclear weapons and missile
facilities worldwide.
a pattern that almost no one wanted to
talk about in an era of Cold War
secrecy. Air Force officers whispered
about it and most of the people who
lived it stayed silent until now. It's
all coming out.
Today's guest is Richard Bar. In 1964,
he was an Air Force security guard, an
air policeman stationed at Vandenberg
Air Force Base. Vandenberg wasn't some
remote radar outpost or ghost station.
This was the epicenter of American
nuclear missile testing. Atlas missiles,
Thor, Minuteman, Titan. This was the
place the United States government went
to actually learn whether its nuclear
missiles worked. So naturally, something
else was watching from above. And it
happened to interact with our next
guest. A figure emerging from the mist.
A moment of absolute terror in seeing
this figure's very foreign face. Loss of
control. and then lost time. All of a
sudden, Richard is taken. He wakes up
hovering on a flying saucer with a few
more beings overlooking the entire
Vandenberg base. Richard is given a
message, one that directly connects with
other alien encounters by nuclear base
employees. And perhaps most remarkably,
this story happens on the exact same
month of another Vandenberg UFO incident
that you may already know. You see,
Richard had his encounter in September
of 1964.
That same month, Bob Jacobs, a photo
instrumentation lead, caught video of a
UFO that seemed to encircle an Atlas
missile targeted with lasers. We've
spoken to Jacobs, and this is a case we
discuss all of the time on this show. We
could see clearly on film the nose cones
separate and then we saw the dummy
warhead and suddenly into that frame an
object flew in chasing the warhead and
so on at the same speed.
>> Didn't they delete your records from the
government as well? People denied that
you worked at Vandenberg. Is that is
that right?
>> They denied there was ever a Robert
Jacobs in the Air Force. And between Bob
Jacobs and Richard Bart, it looks like
while we were testing nuclear missiles
in September of 1964 on Vandenberg Air
Force Base, something else was testing
missile [music] defense and deterrence.
This interview raises some very
uncomfortable questions about access,
surveillance, and intent [music] on our
most advanced weapons capabilities.
And it leaves us with possibilities that
are far more strange and destabilizing
than are we alone. This episode isn't
about believing. [music] It's about
listening carefully because whatever is
going on at our nuclear bases doesn't
seem random and it doesn't seem finished
with us. Between 2003 and 2005, five UAP
incidents occurred at Vandenberg Air
Force Base.
>> So, without further ado, please enjoy
this courageous testimony from this
week's American Alchemist, Richard
Barth.
[music]
I'm here with Richard Bar and this is an
honor. I I really appreciate you driving
to LA to speak with me. Uh Robert
Hastings is one of my favorite
journalists in the UFO space. He's
written an amazing book called UFOs and
nukes and he is the premier chronicler
of all of these amazing veterans who
were stationed at nuclear bases across
the United States often with you know
pretty high clearances experiencing tic
tacs saucers orbs UFOs all over these
bases and
sometimes nuclear missiles get shut
down. All sorts of anomalies occur on
the bases. And in a few cases like
yours, you actually experience a close
encounter of the third kind where you
see beings and you experience
communication with those beings. And so
it's an honor to speak with you and I
really appreciate you sharing your
story. What made you decide to come out
now?
>> I was listening to Coast to Coast one
night and it happened to be Dropler
Hastings. Although at the time I didn't
know, but something uh just compelled me
to call in. He was talking about USO's
nukes and I had this experience that I
had pretty much kept to myself for quite
a while and it just seemed that you know
the guy seemed so credible that maybe he
might be interested in my particular
story. So I called up and I was very
fortunate. I got right on. And I
explained to the call uh person that
monitors the call and he put me right in
and we got through about half my story
and then we got cut off somehow. He last
question he asked me was I aware of any
lost time and
>> lost time?
>> Yeah. He wanted to know if I had had any
lost time during the event and I was
going to answer him and everything just
went blank. there's no response and I
didn't know how to get back on. So, I
kind of dropped it, but it brought it to
the forefront of uh you just a
credibility of of Bob Hansen that really
uh triggered it.
>> So, you called into Coast to Coast and
you got through a lot of your story,
then the call dropped, but that brought
that to the four and uh to to to the
mind of of Robert Hastings who wanted to
follow up on it. Uh actually before that
uh I had uh read Whitney Strieber's book
and uh the it seemed credible to me but
it also made my experience seem more
credible to myself.
>> You got to kind of understand that when
something like this happens to you, you
question yourself, was this real or was
this something that you know I imagined
or or uh it's is so much part of you
that you you accepted it as real, but
you still question it.
>> How did you end up at Vandenberg Air
Force Base in 1964?
>> Okay. I wasn't doing well in college at
the time, and so I decided I was going
to join the Air Force and I went to the
recruiter and I had actually I'd been a
premed major and so I asked about going
into medical corps and he said, "Well,
you got uh two years of college." He
said, "Would you uh
consider being a navigator?" And I said,
"I love flying, but I, you know, I need
four years of college to get
commissioned or do anything like that."
So he had had asked me, would I be
interested that they had a navigation
course that had opened up that uh the
requirements were that you can get in
with two years of college. And I said,
"Yeah, I love flying. I'd love to fly if
I could fly." So I said, "Why don't you
go down take the test and see how you
do?" Well, they sent me down to LA and
and I passed that. So, I said, "Well,
you're you're in. All we got to do is
find you a class." So, I waited about 3
or 4 months for a class to open up for
me to get into. And uh I was doing quite
well until I got to celestial
navigation.
And it uh I didn't know it at the time,
but I had like dyslexia.
And what was making things bad for me
was not on the academics, which I was
high on, but I would transpose my
numbers, especially when I got under
pressure. Then I a 123 123 would become
a 132, which is a significant navigation
error. Well, you do three practice
missions and a test mission. And I
failed the first test mission. And then
they will send you again and I'd allow
you to do another test mission. and I
failed that one and so I was basically
washed out of the class. When I had
joined uh one of the conditions of
joining was that you can went in under
selective service requirement which was
basically two years with some reserve
time to follow. And if you didn't pass a
class, you would go on that reserve
status or uh uh and just finish out your
two years and and go on reserve status.
Otherwise, if you passed, you would be
commissioned. You would sign up for an
additional four years and you would
actively
uh be in the Air Force as a navigator.
Well, I just opted I was going to get
out. So that left while I've got 13
months left of my selective service
requirement
and uh so they didn't want to put me in
a position that required a lot of
training and so guards don't require a
lot of training and it uh I can pick
something that was relatively close to
home. I lived in Los Angeles. Vandenberg
Air Force Base was up the coast above
Santa Barbara about a four hour drive
and that seemed well on my off time I go
home and and uh be with my friends and
family. So that seemed okay with me. I
thought I can I can deal with it.
>> So you were a missile security guard or
what what's the exact title?
>> Any I'm listed as the air policeman but
I was assigned to the 4392 combat
defense squadron and we were essentially
guards. We didn't wear the blue
uniforms. We wore fatigues with the and
we carried a 38 pistol and uh we just
basically stood on post all day and that
was there wasn't much training involved
other than weapons training.
>> What are the types of things that you
guarded on the base?
>> They had the missile maintenance where
they assembled the missiles themselves.
Uh uh that was a large hanger. The
missiles would be on their sides. They
would be the stages would be mated with
each other. They would uh electronics
guidance would be in and then they would
take them out to the actual silo or
launch sites uh where they you know
fueled them and and uh fired them. Uh
there were uh you would guard like a
crypto room where crypto cryptographic
information was came in particularly at
night when nobody was there. their
locked rooms uh and but they wanted to
guard on there and frankly we guarded
things that didn't need guarding. Uh a
lot of these missiles at Vandenberg a
lot of these missiles were were uh set
up by the by the manufacturer like
Boeing would do the Minute Man, Douglas
would do the THOR and uh Lockage would
do the Aena stage. Convair would do the
Atlas missiles and those were the the
four missiles we had. Uh
most of the three missiles that the the
uh minute that the Atlas and the uh were
obsolete basically, but they were great
for uh launching satellites and you can
get the Thor was a lightweight missile,
intermediate range actually, not ICBM.
And it was uh good for sending spy
satellites because they can get them
into the low altitude that they wanted.
and uh 100 150 miles. That's where you
took your pictures from. Uh if you had
something heavier, you'd put it on an
Atlas. Uh the Thor was very similar to
the Redstone that they launched out of
Shepard on. It was, you know, just for
to loop them up into space and come
down. But then they moved for the for
the remainder of the uh flights they
moved to the Atlas missile which was uh
a two-stage missile which was much more
powerful and can get the orbits much
higher than that. And then later uh they
did the Titan missile which was an ICBM
liquid fueled. And uh that the good
thing about the Titan is the Atlas
missile required pumping in oxygen and
uh hydrogen just prior to launch which
took time. So that you had to do an
immediate launch. You could you'd have
to 15 20 minutes just fueling the
missile before you launched it. The
Titan fuels didn't were not refrigerated
fuels and they that missile could sit in
the silo fueled and ready to go and
could be launched immediately. So the
Titan was an advanced over the Atlas.
Plus it was much more powerful missile
and could carry much larger warheads. We
call them re-entry vehicles, but they
were basically warheads of the atomic
warhead. Uh, one thing about Vandenberg
Airfar Base is that it was not a primary
uh, nuclear base and the reason was it
was too easy to take out. It was right
on the ocean. Uh, you can drop a bomb,
atomic bomb right in the ocean right
next to it. You just add up a tidal wave
or tsunami, wipe out the base and and
the base becomes useless. So, it was too
easy a target for for nuclear. But we
were right on the ocean and we had the
Pacific test range and it was a great
place to fire missiles down over the
ocean down range. Uh cuz they were see
like the Minutemen. The Minutemen were
all stationed inland far inland in
Montana
uh Mafet or Air Force Base or or Malm
Air Force Based uh and spread out quite
apart because they were difficult
targets that way. They were spread out
and they were well inland.
Uh trouble is you couldn't launch a
missile from there because there's
always the possibility that missile
would land on
you land on at somebody's cow or even a
city even worse. But so we could but we
could launch over from Vandenberg Air
Force Base and then we could bring the
crew out for the launch and they can
actually launch a missile. But there's
other things that could be tested like
the amount of uh you know those these
were solid fuel. Minute man was solid
fuel and that fuel would sit there for a
couple years. Well, what was the
integrity of the fuel after a couple of
years? You could test that because they
all all missiles launch on on
are launched on inertial guidance. In
other words, once you send them off,
they're on their own. The the the course
is set. And the main reason for that is
like you can send a missile to the moon
and you can make uh midcourse changes
but you don't want to do that because
the enemy can make midcourse changes and
get your missile off target. So once you
the missile was programmed to fall to a
certain trajectory and once it was uh
fired it was on its own. So if the fuel
was not in the integrity of the fuel was
degraded, it might not get to the target
or or as close to the target as you
wanted to. So that was uh one of the
things we wanted to test and also give
the crew a chance to fire the missile.
Do you I mean clearly you are right now
displaying extensive knowledge of all of
these missile systems in a way that to
me unless you you know went back and
read a bunch of textbooks before this
interview I think it shows that you were
at Vandenberg Air Force Base. But for
the hardcore skeptics in the audience uh
you can provide your DD2 your DD2414
service records.
You can give them to me if if possible.
You have photos of them and stuff. gave
it to to Robert Hastings
>> by Robert Hastings and uh that was one
of the things you know he's very very
thorough
>> uh when you read his book
>> he each case is well documented is
thorough when he vets he vets each
person that he interviews
>> he's extremely thorough
>> and extremely and so he's extremely
>> and he called three separate friends of
yours right to corroborate that you told
them the same details that you told him
>> his interest was that this is not
something I had beat up recently when,
you know, with the new all this stuff
coming out and just wanted to get on the
bandwagon.
>> And you've made no money off of this
story.
>> No, I had no intention. In fact, when I
wrote uh originally when I did an email
to u to Robert uh Solace, which was the
first one I tried to contact, the reason
being is that my experience was two
years prior to Robert Solless is when I
heard him interviewed, I thought he
might be interested. Well, the really
interesting thing, so Robert saw us.
That that's interesting. Did he get back
to you or
>> uh not right away he did and then he
didn't follow up, but when I wrote him,
I I I said said, "I'm not interested in
money. I'm not interested in writing a
book, but I think there's a relationship
between my experience and your
experience." In other words,
>> well, I want to get into that
relationship after we get into the core
details of your experience. But I think
even more relevant than Bob Salace who
had an extremely interesting experience
with 10 missiles shutting down at
Malmstrin Air Force Base. He's at Oscar
Flight Launch uh uh uh center underneath
underground and this red glowing object
is hovering above ground and seems to
that seems to correlate with these 10
missiles going offline. Strategic Air
Command wrote up a whole write up saying
we're you know baffled and confused as
to this uh happening around I think the
Echolight incident which was 8 days
before and then a targeting officer Bob
Jameson who is a colleague of Salace's
went in to check as to you know why why
did these 10 uh missiles go down
>> is it possible they just malfunctioned
>> that doesn't happen very rarely does a
missile malfunction and I don't think
any much more rare would [music] be two
at at the same time, but ne never 10.
>> And so you had all this in interesting
kind of activity going on at Malmstro
Air Force Base, but that was 1967.
>> Yeah.
>> What I find interesting about your
experience is that was what was it?
September
>> September 64.
>> 1964 at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Did
you know that Bob Jacobs uh who was a
photo instrumentation specialist also
stationed there at the same time as you
has an
>> I know. But I did not then.
>> Yeah, you didn't. So that's amazing
because this guy was uh basically they
were testing an Atlas missile with a
dummy warhead and he was uh uh uh
basically stationed at Big Su and he was
supposed to kind of you know telescope
the object and and and and photograph it
video.
>> They wanted to they wanted him to miss
uh film the missile from the side rather
than straight on. Uh because you go to
Vanderm you're just watching it go
straight on. he can watch you projectile
from the side.
>> Major Mansman called and he said,
"Tomorrow morning at 0600,
get ready because we're launching a an
Atlas missile and we want you to
photograph that with the big BEu
telescope." I went, "Okay." So at 0600,
we were up and ready to go. And an Atlas
missile popped up through the ground fog
that was covering the whole coastline
all the way down there. It was
beautiful.
We took the phone back to to Vandenberg
where it was processed and a day later I
got a call from Major Mansman who said
come up to my office. So I went to his
office u and he said there was a a movie
screen set up and a 16 millimeter
projector and [snorts] there was major
mansmen and as I recall two guys in gray
suits
on the screen was the film we had shot.
We could see clearly on film the nose
cones separate and then we saw the dummy
warhead
and suddenly into that frame an object
flew in [music] chasing the warhead and
so on at the same speed that's going
between 6 and 8,000 mph at that point
and it fired a beam of light at the
dummy warhead. The object flew up like
this, shot another beam of light at the
dummy warhead, went around like this,
shot another beam of light at it, went
down like this, shot a beam of light
like this, and then flew out the same
way it had come in. At which time the
dummy warhead did this, and fell out of
the frame, the lights came on and Major
Mansman said to me, "Were you guys
screwing around up there?" And I said,
"No, sir." And he said, "What was that?"
And I said, "It looks like we got a
UFO." And he said, "Lieutenant Jacobs,
you are never to speak of this again. It
never happened." And then these two guys
in tweed jackets in the back room while
he's watching are they basically go up
to him. They say, "Uh uh, you know, you
you are now sworn to secrecy and if you
say anything about this, you're going to
be in real trouble." And then they
proceed to because he he tells his story
later, they delete his records from the
government.
>> Didn't they delete your records from the
government as well? People denied that
you worked at Vandenberg. Is that is
that right?
>> They denied there was ever a Robert
Jacobs in the Air Force. Then they in
another inquiry, they denied there was
ever a Robert Jacobs at Vandenberg Air
Force Base.
Then they denied there was ever anybody
named Robert Jacobs in charge of the
1369th Photographic Union
division that I ran.
>> And you managed over 100 people. So it's
pretty easy for them to corroborate.
>> Yeah. I had 134 guys working for me and
I had two two friends from college who
were my commanding people.
>> And I also have something called a DD14.
I have [clears throat] I have records
here.
I'm sure my officer efficiency reports
are in there. I can't get rid of stuff.
My wife keeps saying, "Clear that [__]
out of your out of that file cabinet
over there, Bob." I go, "No, I might use
it." And sure enough, it's turned out to
be valuable. Oh, yeah.
>> In defending myself against the infamy
of the CIA, but we didn't have a launch
on that date. There was no Atlas launch
that day. Well, goddamn well there was
because Robert found the found the files
from Vanderberg using that particular
that particular launch in detail. So
they deni they also scrubbed the launch
itself from the records.
>> Correct. Never happened.
>> Wow. And it never
>> And your mailbox was blown up as well,
right?
>> My wife and I had been out to a movie.
We came back from movie about 10:00 at
night and there was a message on on my
answering machine
and it said,
"Um,
fireworks in your mailbox at night. Oh,
what a beautiful sight. You're going
down, motherfucker." and my mailbox blew
up. I live on a farm. I had a rural
mailbox and sudden there was explosion.
My mailbox blew up.
I took that quite seriously. I bought an
ammunition for my gun.
>> And then Floren Mansman, his major, who
his superior, eventually is tracked down
by, I think, Bob Hastings and some other
researchers and and in the 90s admits
that he did manage Bob Jacobs. So, it's
this crazy story. And that happened at
the same time you had an experience,
>> right? Bob Hastings put me in touch with
Bob Jacobs.
>> As you know, on American Alchemy, we
cover a lot of technology that goes
beyond human limits. This is about
technology that helps the body catch up
and feel good. I'm talking about the I
restore LED face mask, a red light
therapy system that uses clinical grade
wavelengths to boost skin cell energy
production. The same exact principle
used in the top recovery clinics and bio
optimization labs in the world. I've
been using it most nights, 10 minutes
while I'm reading, prepping for a show,
or decompressing. It's completely
hands-free, comfortable, and engineered
to deliver consistent light intensity
across the [music] face. Not that uneven
scatter most cheaper masks use. It feels
like your face is taking a warm bath.
What it's doing is called
photobiomodulation,
stimulating mitochondria to repair
tissue, reduce inflammation, and improve
circulation. You actually feel the calm
and rejuvenation after a session. I've
tested a few of these. This one really
stands out for the build quality. It
feels like it was built in a high
precision lab and it's not just a cheap
beauty gadget. So, if you're into real
evidence-based recovery tech, this
belongs in your setup. Head to i
restore.com and use code jesse25 [music]
for an exclusive discount. Again,
irestore.com
code jesse25.
Red light therapy has really been a
gamecher for me. So, I hope you love it
>> because it did occur at the same time.
So he gave me Bob Jacob's phone number.
I called Bob Jacobs. We discussed this.
>> I had additional experience when I was
at Vandenberg and I was
>> I was uh able to watch him in at M not
in I was able to watch a Atlas launched
and it it uh had gone up. Now I'm
underneath the missile at this time at
Vandenberg rather than from the side.
And I'm watching this missile go and
it's staged. before it staged. That
means this first stage dropped off.
Second stage took off. This or uh yellow
orb came over and tracked the missile.
It didn't go around it or anything. It
tracked it. Then it staged and then it
continued tracking which meant it wasn't
a fuel leak. Besides it was a fuel leak.
It might have
>> wow blown up. Uh and I had relayed that.
And then uh Bob Jacobs thought maybe I
had witnessed what he had witnessed, but
the timing was not right. First of all,
uh he had t uh when he saw the missile
launch, he saw it come up through the
clouds. Well, this was a cloudless day
when I saw what I saw. He saw his that
experience in September. It was closer
to May when I saw this happen. Now, you
know, I don't know. Uh I had asked one
of the uh sergeant down on the launch
site the next day uh what happened with
that missile and he just told me if I
was wise I I would keep my mouth shut.
>> Wow.
>> And I did just that. I kept my mouth
shut.
>> So you had already seen essentially UFO
which I think at the time they used to
call tagalongs because they would often
track missile trajectories. They would
>> that's what they did. It just it stayed
right with the missile you know.
>> That's amazing. And in 1963, we have
another example of an F8 Atlas missile
being tracked by this sort of tag along.
And it's even in the report. Um, and
this was, I believe, a month or two
before the Bluegill triple prime test in
uh, I think September of 1963.
>> Sergeant told me if I was wise, I keep
my mouse shut. And I figured I'm wise.
I'm going to keep my mouse shut because
I didn't want to get into any of the
problems that, you know, uh, I I was
getting out soon in May. I would be
going to get out in June. and I just
wanted to get out and uh and uh leave it
leave it alone. So
>> So that's fascinating because in May of
1964, you see this sort of tagalong UFO
in September of 1964, Bob Jacobs,
unbeknownst to you during this test on
video sees a UFO shoot a dummy nuclear
warhead out of the sky. And then I want
to get to this is the you know kind of
the the the core experience that you had
was also in September of 1964.
>> My core experience was in September.
Right.
>> And what what happened then?
>> Well, I was assigned to a Minute Man
missile. Not Yeah, I was assigned to a
Minute Man missile site and the guard
shack is right next to the uh gate.
There's a a a
fence around the missile site and and
it's it's got 80 add
alarms on it. Do nothing really. Uh the
site itself is well lit. Uh it has has
like a stadium lighting up there and
it's rolled and I was on the night shift
so that uh and it was foggy and so that
kind of appeared like a dome over me or
you could probably see 30 40 feet from
where the guard check was. Um and I
could see the missile site behind me but
if I looked straight ahead I just saw a
wall of fog basically. uh the sergeant
had come and delivered a lunch which had
been 2:00 in the morning on average if
your night shift and so the timing would
have been right around 2:00 cuz the
sergeant had just left and so I'm
sitting there and
uh next thing I know I see this shadow
in the in the fog. I'm looking and I see
the shadow and uh I see a a man which
would appear to be a man or humanoid
figure uh emerge from the fog, you know,
and I thought, well, what the heck? Did
the sergeant walk back and and and is,
you know, that's my first thing. Well,
the sergeant walked back and he's I
couldn't figure, but then the next thing
this figure kept coming towards me. No,
it had a like a trench coat on
>> really
>> very similar to uh the raincoats that
were issued to the officers and uh he
had a cap on which could have so my
nickname well I wonder that's some
officer checking up on on me but as it
got closer I realized this was not what
it was and I could feel it in my mind. I
mean, it was like it was it started
grabbing hold of me and and then I
became really frightened. And as it as
it approached me, I tried to pull my
pistol. We had 38 police as part of our
our gear and I tried to pull my pistol
and my right arm was paralyzed. I
couldn't move it. I could move my body,
but I couldn't move my arm and I became
more terrified. And it became closer to
me. uh something I can't I can't see the
face if in my brain if I try to see this
face I can't see it it's a blank but
whatever it was was terrifying me and
whatever it was had control of at least
my right arm and I was standing just
outside the shack and I backed into the
shack uh just instinctively I guess and
I I got myself back to the back of the
sha shack and there was nowhere else to
Oh, and the figure was coming continued
coming towards me. And there was a shelf
at the back. There was a telephone on
there and it was just a shelf. And I can
remember distinctly pushing my back into
that shelf and trying to push the back
of the shack out. I was like a a rat got
in a trap. And the terror was just I
couldn't describe how I was just
terrified. The next thing I know, I'm
out, you know, and I don't know if I
passed out or it's just blank at that
point. So then uh then I come to and I'm
inside this it's a circular room.
I'm not going to call it craft cuz I
didn't see it from the outside, but I'm
in this circular room. And I'm on my
knees and there's about a 2 and 1/2 3ft
circle that's clear. You could see
through it. And there's this figure on
my right hand side. And it's is
communicating to me, don't look at me.
Don't look over here. Just look through
the circle.
And uh and you know it's weird because
it's not words. You know what it wants.
It's like he's it's very definitely a
command but it's not in words but you
know what you know. I don't know other
people have this psychic
uh thought process or anything like
that. But one thing that it was not
words it was just I knew I was out to
look at you just look at this circle.
So, uh, I'm looking at the circle and
what you see initially is just this gray
fog. Basically, one of the things I
noticed at the time is that I would
expect a breeze [clears throat] or
something cold to be coming through and
it wasn't. It was like there's a
barrier, but it wasn't like glass. It
was just clear. And all of a sudden,
this kind of clears away like clouds
splitting. And there's a post about a
100 yards down the down the uh street on
the opposite side of the room. Now I'm
on on site D5.
And this is D site D11, which is across
the street down there. I was familiar
with the site. I know which one it was.
Easily identifiable by the side of the
street and the and the orientation.
And it's just getting light and I can
see this truck pull up to the gate and
and it had it was a flatbed truck, a
long flatbed truck. It had a lot of long
pipes on it and the guard was to the
came over to the the right side of the
truck and obviously was getting ID or
checking with whoever was driving. Went
over, opened the gate, let the truck in,
and then the clouds closed up.
And uh so I'm still looking through this
hole and I'm still just you know just
keep looking through the hole and I kind
of raised my eyes to look around without
looking over and there were the opposite
me about about
oh six 10 feet away or these four
figures sitting on on a bench and I
could see that the wall of the
of the uh craft I'll call it craft. Now,
I could see that the bench was just a
continuation of the material of whatever
the wall was and whatever lighting was
in there, it uh the figures were
celerated like the light source was
behind or from the wall, but very very
uh consistent. I mean, there wasn't like
bright lights or anything. And
effectively, the room was pretty dark.
So, the figure seemed silhouetted
what it appeared to me like the a baby.
It had a large head and smaller body,
disproportionate.
The eyes were discernible because they
were darker than the than the skin
features or whatever. A lot of people
say they were, you know, these creatures
or creatures, beings, whatever were uh
some sort of suit or something like
that. I couldn't really tell that.
Basically, a silhouette with just slight
features available.
And uh there were two on one side and
two on the other side with a space in
between that I took to be some sort of
door out of this room or something like
that. And uh that's about it. I mean
that's next thing I know I'm uh sitting
on the I'm laying on the floor of the
guard shack. Uh there's like a little
porch right in front of of the door to
the guard check and I'm laying with my
feet off the porch on the ground and
this being is sitting on the porch and
has my head in his lap
and it's saying to me, it's
communicating again. It's communicating.
Uh I'm sorry. You know, we didn't mean
to scare you. He says it was we just you
know it was we didn't mean to scare you
but we had had to have access to the
site.
So we needed that. We needed the
intelligence is what I was gathering out
of this form of communication that they
were just needed access to the site and
I was in the way and uh so
uh
it really felt comfortable like you know
I felt like well this is okay he's not
going to hurt me you know uh so I was
fine you know but I kept I he the other
thing was keep my eyes tightly shut it
did not want me to look at it or see it
keep your eyes shut, you know, and and I
apologize. I'm sorry that that we scared
you so much, but we needed to have
access and you were you were in the way.
And he says, "No, I'm going to leave and
I want you to
just keep your eyes shut. Just, you
know, don't get up. Don't do anything.
Just stay there with your eyes shut."
And he left. And I did just what he
said. I laid there for maybe 15 minutes
with my eyes shut. And I was glad to see
him go, frankly. Uh then I finally got
up and looked around and the sun was
just it had come over the there's a a
ridge of mountains behind the the uh
what we call D sector probably quarter
of a mile back and the sun was coming up
over that ridge and if you look towards
the ocean you could see the light coming
you know lighting up. the ocean. It was
kind of a beautiful sight. And uh I
looked over to my right and there was a
little chipmunk on the ground.
And I have never I just felt so much
love for that little chickp, you know.
Uh I felt like I was joined with that
chickmunk, you know, one one living
creature to another and the little
chipmunk kind of just looked back at me
and uh kind of scured away.
uh about 20 30 minutes later uh the time
would be probably around 6:30 7:00
my relief came. Now, the missiles uh
[snorts]
uh 50 60 yards off the main road.
There's a little road that goes to the
to the missile site. And you know, my
relief came down, relieved me, and then
I they were all delivered by these Air
Force route pickup uh trucks, four-door
uh pickup trucks basically. And I could
have gotten in four door or four-doors
seat in the back. I could have gotten
inside, but I didn't want to. I gotten
back and I I put my back to the cab of
the truck and I pulled my feet up and
then they went and picked up the other
guards and uh I was just real quiet and
they were asking me what's wrong and you
know and I knew something had happened
but I couldn't quite put my finger on
something profound happened but and I
was confused and it was cold because it
had been a foggy morning until the sun
came up and kind of burned it off but it
was fell cold and I was just trying to
what's what happened you know what
figured you know I couldn't figure it
out and uh by the time I got back to
base well it was I couldn't remember
anything
now I didn't remember this particular
thing until two weeks later rough
roughly two weeks later [snorts] and I I
was aware that something had happened
but I couldn't put my finger on it and
I'd try to put it aside and it was just
something that nagged at me. But then I
got up in the morning or was in
apparently on the on the day shift
because uh it was early morning and all
of a sudden and you know I've heard of
paralysis of sleep where people have
these experiences when they're I wasn't
paralyzed. I woke up and all of a sudden
I got flooded with this whole experience
that I just told you and it wasn't a
dream. I could tell you it was so real.
I've never had a dream like that before
and I've never had that happen since. It
was real and I knew it was real. And I I
was laying next to some Venetian blinds
and I picked them up and and kind of
looked out. The sun was shining and I
looked over and my roommate was asleep
and I I kept thinking, "God, what what's
this? I need to tell somebody. This is
this is critical. You know, there's some
entities got on my site." And I got up
and I got dressed and was going to
breakfast and I thought, "No, this is
this is crazy. I'm not going to tell
anybody. They're gonna gonna put me in
the sightboard." And then it was like I
got something in my mind says, "No,
don't you tell anybody. You keep this to
yourself."
It's like there was a preset command or
something like that. I think it was so
vivid that it was it was kind of
released. It was they wanted a time
lapse between the event and the time
that it came,
you know, that I was aware of the
experience.
It's almost like that was so vivid that
it was it it was okay. Like there was a
release of the command not to forget.
And so uh but now I knew
>> this episode is sponsored by Ziotics. I
rarely drink alcohol these days, but on
special occasions, I still enjoy having
a couple of drinks with friends.
However, I also care a lot about how I
feel the next day. And now that I'm in
my 30s, I usually feel like I definitely
don't want any good nights to cost me
productive mornings anymore. Ziotics
pre-alcohol probiotic drink is the
world's first genetically engineered
probiotic. It was invented by PhD
scientists specifically to tackle rough
mornings after drinking. Here's how it
works. When you drink, alcohol gets
converted into a toxic byproduct in the
gut. It's a buildup of this byproduct,
not dehydration that's to blame for
rough days after drinking. Ziotics
pre-alcohol produces an enzyme to break
this byproduct down. And it actually
works. It's an absolute gamecher based
on science. Just remember to make
pre-alcohol your first drink of the
night. Drink responsibly and you'll feel
your best tomorrow. For me, it's simple.
If I have plans the next morning and if
I'm having a drink with friends, I take
pre-alcohol first and I feel normal the
next day. Ready to try it? Go to
zbiotics.com/jesse.
Now again, that's zbiotics.com/jesse
and you'll get 15% off your first order
when you use jessie jes s at checkout.
Plus, it's backed by a 100% money back
guarantee. So there's literally no risk
to trying it. Subscriptions are also
available for maximum consistency.
Remember to head to zbiotics.com/jesse
and use the code jesse at checkout for
15% off. Thank you so much to Zbiotics
for sponsoring this episode. Did these
beings say who they were?
>> No. No. when he was when I had my head
in his lap and he was apologizing,
he said that they were, you know, they
needed to get the uh information on the
site, the the data out of out of the
missiles. See, in the missile, there's
at the top of a man missile, there's a
like a donut on a on a toilet paper
roll. There's a room that has the
electronics equipment in it. Has a
separate access door to it. and and uh
inside there are involving they were big
old computers back in those days. See
when the when the missile is is gets the
launch command then it's that's it. Uh
in order to keep somebody from
sabotaging it or stopping the launch
everything takes place in that little
room and that's where the crew does that
does the uh maintenance on the missile
and everything like that. There's a door
that actually opens into the silo. And
so they needed to get in that room and
probably to those computers and and
launch uh
things. That's where I'm thinking that
they got the data. That's the basically
what uh I'm speculating. But
>> they used the shack essentially as a a
point of access for this. Okay. Yeah,
they just I was at the check and they
just needed to
>> be need be need be need be need be need
be need be need be need be need be need
be need me out of the way basically
>> and as he came towards me and I passed
out I was out of the way.
>> So you were just between him and this
electronics room essentially.
>> Well there there's a fence with the ADT
that I'm in front of the fence.
>> Got it. So somehow they got through the
ADT and got into the crew access uh
area and down into I have to assume
because I'm passed out at this point,
but he did say or communicate that they
needed the data from the missile. So my
assumption is they've got down in that
crew area and and
got the whatever data they needed. The
first being you see has a trench coat on
and looks like this shadowy silhouette.
>> Yeah. No, he's I just can't remember its
face.
>> Okay. So, kind of hard to just recall
like a little
>> face terrified me. I know the face
terrified me. I can't tell you what it
was cuz I don't think my brain wants to
remember, but it terrified me. I don't
know that was big eyes or I have no idea
what it was, but it terrified me. I know
how terrified it was. You you can't
dream. I don't think you can dream that
kind of terror. It's like a rat that's
trapped in a corner by the cat.
>> But it was wearing human clothing.
>> Humanoid. I mean, humanoid, probably 5
foot 10, probably uh very human.
>> And the trench coat didn't seem
otherworldly. It seemed
>> wasn't otherworldly. That's what made me
think it might have been an officer.
>> Yeah. And uh so maybe he was kind of in
disguise or something.
>> Yeah. You know, I didn't know what was
going on. It just that was my first
impression. But then I when my when my
arm was paralyzed and I felt him in
control, he had control of me. I say he
but he had control of me, you know. I'm
assuming it was I mean I'd read it as a
male figure because the trench coat
women don't wear trench coats and
originally I thought it was an officer.
And then it it realized it was something
else. And then then it as it moved
towards me, it had control of me. And
then I passed, you know, I couldn't pull
my weapon. Oh. And I tried to scream
because I wanted to scream. And I all I
can get is a little I couldn't even
scream, you know.
>> Wow.
>> And and uh then I I I remember my back
pressing into that shelf and then the
blank. Do they look like the typical
classic gray alien that
>> No, it was more like a baby's head. It
was It didn't have I I don't recall
ears. I know there was no hair. You
could you could tell that even in
siloette. I mean, there were it was a
round head with big eyes. That's what
>> But gray aliens have large heads
proportionate to their body. These were
different in some way than the typical
>> gray. If I visualize this, the chin was
not pointed. You see so many pictures of
pointed chins. It it was looked like a
baby's head.
>> Interesting.
>> You know, and one of the things the
necks were like a baby's neck. You know,
you see pictures of the aliens with
these thin necks and the big head. Yeah.
>> Well, those nicks couldn't hold
>> that heavy. [clears throat] You know,
the the nicks were proportionate that
would
>> like our nicks, you know. They're
they're they're round enough and strong
enough to hold up this big head.
>> What color was their skin? Well, to me
it was just all dark. I mean, it was uh
it was just dark. It was like I say a
solo, maybe dark gray or uh
>> but hard to tell because the lighting
was hard because the lighting the
lighting was obviously backlighting of
some sort.
>> And they're they're communicating to
you. Don't look.
>> No, they're not doing anything.
>> They're not they're not communicating.
>> They're watching me. Okay.
>> They're just watching me. So the the
other figure that
>> the other figure the humanoid figure
>> the humanoid [clears throat] figure
>> that's the one that did all the
communication.
>> Okay. And that one is communicating
don't look as soon as
>> that's one saying don't look. Just
>> that's as soon as you're in the craft.
He's saying don't look. Don't look.
>> Don't look. Just keep looking through
the hole. That's all it was.
>> And you you're looking through the hole,
but then at some point you see these
four.
>> Well, when when we when they closed up
oversight D11, then I raised my eye. I
didn't lift my head. I raised my eyes.
So my view is, you know, through the Dub
and and but I could see towards the wall
and I could see the four figures.
>> You mentioned being extremely afraid
around the original humanoid figure.
What did you feel when you're in the
presence of these four beings?
>> I felt very comfortable. It was I felt
everything was okay, you know. I wasn't
afraid. I wasn't uh just everything is
okay. It's almost to the point I'm just
curious what's happening. But no fear at
that point. The fear had that terror had
gone away.
>> Did you ever have the thought, why am I
not afraid? Because this is an extremely
anomalous experience I'm having.
>> And I also wondered why it was I felt so
comfortable. I just comfortable. You
know, it's like I was experiencing
something like that, but almost
like I'm not like I'm viewing myself
almost. I mean, I wasn't viewing myself.
It was from my own.
>> Were they making you feel comfortable,
do you think? Or obviously this is your
interpretation.
>> They may have, you know, there's a
there's a blank period between
passing out in the shed and waking, you
know, or coming to in the vessel. Now,
they could have given me a sedative or
used telepathy to make me feel
comfortable because it went from one
extreme to comfortable and then on the
guard shack floor to ecstasy. You know,
I felt so good sitting, you know, with
my head on this lap, you know, like I
just felt wonderful. You know, this I
could, if I were to
relate it to something, I'd say because
of my background, it would be a baby
suckling at its mother's breast. You
know, that just nice and warm and
comfortable and mommy's there and I feel
okay and the world's okay and the world
is good. And then it that it it did say
then it goes back to your original
question. Did he say anything else? Yes.
Or communicating anything else is that
they're not going to let it, you know,
go to nuclear war. They needed to stop
these missiles from launching. They were
trying to get the data on how to
was their task then. And that there
wasn't they weren't going to allow these
missiles to be launched. they weren't
allowed to go to nuclear war in essence
that earth made uh you know was
important to them and then there was
another thing uh that not every spec
there were more than one species and
there weren't all as benevolent as
[snorts]
they were
>> this creature it's like you know and if
it if push came to shove
there could be some real issues over
who's going
control. You know, once they take at
that point, once they stop all the
missiles, they're
going to take over with the sense I got.
>> So, there are multiple nonhuman species.
This species happens to be sort of
>> very benevolent,
>> doing recon on the nuclear codes and how
things work and they're presenting
themselves as benevolent. And do you
trust, you know, coming away from the
experience that they were benevolent?
Yeah, I think I I just lucked out.
>> Did they say which species they came
from?
>> Didn't tell me any of that. It's just
basically that the Earth was the sense
was look, this is a planet's important
to us and we're not going to let you
destroy it and if wor comes to shove,
we're going to intervene.
The love that you felt for the chipmunk,
was that representative of some larger
flooding of love that you felt for all?
>> That was Yeah, it was like I had this
feeling of ecstasy while I was laying on
the lap of the being, you know, that and
then it just carried over, you know,
once he left, I kept my eyes shut for a
while and then I got up and there's this
chipmunk sitting there and I just felt
this connection. just was I just love
that little chipmunk, you know, and and
I felt connected to it like, you know,
here's here's another living being and
I'm part we're part of the there was no
separation. We were in the same
we were just a living beings and and we
there was something good about that, you
know.
>> I know it was dark, but what did the
room look like if you had to describe
it? Do you remember the
>> walls say is that okay the walls were
grayish
>> okay which fell away so there was the
lighting in the room I don't know how
much came through the hole in the floor
or how much was backlighting on the wall
however the figures were back lit
because they were silhouetted so it must
you know the walls must have had some
sort of of floor or candlesence that
made and put the figures in in uh in
this silhouette that I was was looking
at. I could distinguish the eyes as
large but not all of sheep like you see
in a lot of the typical picture. They
were just big big eyes
>> and and dark you know darker than say
the skin or
>> did the room look indistinguishable from
something man-made or did it look
>> Oh no. It was man-made.
>> It look the room itself looked like it
could have been
>> molded. molded.
>> Yeah. Look, if I were to say just one
giant piece of plastic, you know, one
giant piece of of gray plastic.
>> Well, that that doesn't sound man-made
to me, I don't think.
>> No, it is. It Well, it might not be.
>> I mean, well, there's a difference
between artificially constructed by
deliberately and and man, humanmade. Are
you saying human?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh
had to be an awfully big mold. I mean,
you know, you're talking a room that's
that's maybe 15 feet across. And uh
>> why did it look molded?
>> Because of the bench.
>> Okay.
>> The bench that the the four entities
were sitting on, you could see
the the they were silhouetted. They were
very dark, but the wall and the material
was grayish.
>> So, I could see the the material. And
oh, also the floor was was concave.
the in other words, they were elevated
somewhat above where I was on my knees
down there.
>> Any seams or rivets or
>> so it was sort of smooth and
>> smooth even even to the point it looked
like I could fall through that hole if I
got too close.
>> I mean, it looked like a hole.
>> Yeah.
>> But there was no there was just the rim,
but there was no, you know, there's no
not like a seam or anything there. like
it was part of the same material except
it was transparent.
>> So it looked it sounds like a classic
saucer that you hear in other alien
abduction stories.
>> I guess so. At the time I didn't know
what other especially from the inside,
you know.
>> Yeah. Have you looked into any other
stories that sort of align with yours?
>> Be hard to find anything that describes
the in I mean you know I hear these
bright lights and I these creatures
obviously didn't want bright lights. you
know, they have big eyes. Uh, the room
was dark and you hear people, well, they
wake up in this room and it's all lit up
and it's bright and I that's doesn't
seem consistent to me that
>> because if you're going to have big
eyes, you must be dark adapted from
wherever you come from.
>> What time of day was this? You were
taken in the morning. Is that right? Or
>> Okay. It started right after the launch
was delivered, which would put it about
2:00.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Uh, when I'm on the In the morning
when I'm looking through the hole, well,
it's light enough to see
what's going on on the ground. Like just
sunrise basically. Uh like
just kind of like dawn, you know, not
not well lit, but enough that you can
discern. I could see the truck. I could
see it was loaded with pipes. I could
see the see the guard walk over to the
window. I could see him open the gate
and the truck drive in. That was all.
But it was like not you know it wasn't
it wasn't a sunshine lit uh scene. The
sunshine came when I looked and it saw
the chickmunk and the sun was actually
coming over that ridge of mountains and
and uh it was kind of pretty because if
you look towards the ocean and then you
could see the ocean kind of with a kind
of yellow color to it and uh and and it
felt so good, you I mean, I'm sitting
here and everything just felt good.
>> And so, so this whole event was morning
to like afternoonish.
>> No, the whole event was say 2:00 a.m. to
uh
>> Oh, 2 a.m.
>> Okay. 2:00 a.m. till uh probably 6:00
a.m. I'm not sure when sunrise is, but
>> Got it. So there's two to and that's
when when Bob Hastings asked me over
with the original one when he was on
George Nory uh when I got cut off he had
asked me uh about a gap in time and I
had not thought about that gap in time
but between 2:00 a.m. And the time the
entity came to me and say 5:36 in the
morning, well, there's a gap and I had
never even considered that. And that was
and that's when I got caught off because
I was just going to say, hey, I had
considered that.
>> So there is a there's a gap. Now, what
went on in that gap? We're talking say
2:30 to to 6, that's three some odd
hours. You know, it's more than what I'm
describing to you. M
>> so I have no idea what went on.
>> So maybe some lost time.
>> It's lost time definitely. You know, I I
I
had my friend Lonnie that uh is a
doctorate in in uh psychology, and I had
told her about this uh oh, 20 some odd
years ago. And uh and she one of her
specialties is regressive hypnosis, but
she didn't want to put me through
regressive hypnosis because I was when I
was relating, she thought I was so
upset. She didn't she felt this wasn't
her pay grade, you know, to deal with
somebody
that uh you know she with past lives she
did deal with the with the experiences
like I had or
>> when you are guarding this shack from
like
>> I'm not guarding the shack. I'm guarding
the missile site. The shack's for
shelter.
>> When you're guarding when you're at the
shack and you're guarding the missile
site and it's early morning around the
time of, you know, 2:00 a.m. to 6:00
a.m., are you generally interacting with
anyone else? No, there's no one there.
>> Okay.
>> Guards are we were just put out there
all by ourselves and we spent the whole
shift by oursel. We were supposed to
this probably I'm not we were supposed
to make a call when the missile was in
in the silo. We were supposed to make a
call every half hour and then to command
post
but we didn't because it was just a
given.
uh call me in the morning and they were
supposed to log it. Well, they logged it
all night long. They slept. Uh we didn't
sleep. I think we were but uh we didn't
want to get caught sleeping. But if you
were in command post, nobody nobody can
get into command post without going
through knocking on doors and everything
like that. So, they would take turns
sleeping. Uh they would log all the
calls and we would just fool around, you
know. And uh it was boring. You know,
you go out there at in the middle of the
night and uh it's dark and and or foggy.
You're
nothing to do. You you know, you can't
even read because we sneak books on some
of the sites, but you couldn't even
admit it, man. You couldn't it was too
dark. Even with the bright light, you
couldn't because the light was focused
on the on the silo itself, not on the on
the launch complex. And you know, you
have a little light like one of these up
here and it's barely lit. And so,
[snorts]
uh, basically we all hated Minute. I
mean, one of us hated Minute. And, uh,
sometimes we'd get, we had phones
because they would call in from we'd had
to make the call into, uh, command post.
So, we'd call each other. When you're in
this room or UFO, saucer, whatever it
is, and you're hovering above the base,
do you see what they're trying to do or
monitor?
>> I don't know why they showed me that.
It's just like they could.
>> They were trying to show me I was in a
craft, I guess, and that, you know, show
me if something that I'd be familiar
with.
>> How what do you know what day in
September this might have been?
>> No, I don't. you know, because it was it
was two weeks later when the full never
came back and then uh so I I I couldn't
tell you what particular I probably
could have at the time.
>> Did you tell anybody at the base?
>> Oh god. No.
>> Did you know of any UFO activity at
Vandenberg Air Force Base at the time?
>> Not at the time. you know, all the all
the scuttlebutt was if you went out to D
sector, which is 20 miles away from the
base and your uh scuttlebutt, you know,
to scare the new guys was Bigfoot's out
there and he's he's going to get you,
but there was nothing about UFOs or even
talk about it that I know.
>> Do you ever speculate that the UFO you
were in was the same UFO that maybe shot
the dummy nuclear warhead out of the sky
in Bob Jacob's case?
>> They're this two too close together.
September September. So, and not this
was at night. Bob Jacobs was in the
daytime. Uh, but I'm sure the activity
was coordinated. You know, it could have
been the same craft. Could have been I
don't know what their structure is out
there, how many of them there are, but
>> have you seen any UFOs since then or
seen had any, you know, direct contact
experiences?
>> Not direct contact, but we were on
Fourth of July where I live. Uh the
house the the park is along a wash and
and it's a great place to watch the
Fourth of July fireworks and we were
sitting there and this would have been
probably in the
around 2000 in that vicinity. Uh we're
out there watching fireworks and
somebody said there's what's that bright
light up there? And I looked up and I
said I think that's Jupiter. And and he
said no Jupiter it's over there. I said,
"Oh, no. It's it's pretty bright, isn't
it?" So, I had a binoculars and I looked
at it with binoculars and it was going
side to side.
>> This episode is sponsored by Cove Pure.
If you're anything like me, the holidays
were kind of brutal and it's time to
reset. Everyone wants to start the new
year the same way. New supplements, a
new diet, new workout plan, but they
ignore the most basic variable of all,
the water they drink. Even mild
dehydration hits energy, focus, and
metabolism. And when you remember how
much garbage is in tap water now, you're
starting behind the curve before you
even begin. That's why I've been using
Cove Pure. It's a countertop water
purifier, not a giant clunky tower you
hide under the sink. This thing is
sleek, compact, and honestly looks like
it belongs in a well-funded UFO research
lab. Cove Pur's clear wave technology is
certified to remove up to 99.9%
of contaminants in water. That's PFAS,
microlastics, pharmaceutical residue,
fluoride, heavy metals. Pretty much
anything that isn't water, but that's
circulating in a lot of the water supply
today is gone with this product. It's
the purest water you can get at home,
and it's the best tasting water I've
tried. Two things I love. First, it lets
me select whatever temperature I want on
demand. Ice cold, room temperature, or
boiling instantly. Second, it has size
presets right on screen. I hit the 16oz
button a few times a day, and I'm
actually hydrated without thinking about
it. So, this year, make a New Year's
resolution that actually sticks. Start
with clean water. Cove Pure is giving
our audience $200 off for a limited
time. That's a crazy deal. $200 off. Go
to covepure.com/ameanalchemy.
Again, that's covepure.com/ameanalchemy
for $200 off for a limited time only.
>> You couldn't perceive it when without
the binoculars, but I could see it was
side to side. And I handed the
binoculars to another guy and he said,
"Look at this. Is that moving?" And he
said, "Yeah, it's moving." So then he
gave back to me and it goes it starts
into a zigzag
and then
uh it goes into a zigzag and and uh then
it kind of shot off towards the north
and so there was no real interaction but
and I said to this friend I said that's
a UFO
and uh
so he was kind of skeptical but I said
Roger is is something identified. We
don't know what it is and it's up there
in the sky. So, it's a UFO. I don't
think it's a flying saucer, but it's
very unique. You know, that was the only
other time something and there were like
five of us that witnessed that. But
>> is there anything else worthy of
relaying that you haven't told me about
the core experience in 1964 in
September?
>> No, because it's to me it's it's it's
three segments. It was initially
the entity coming out of the fog and the
terror I felt inside the craft. We'll
call it craft and then on the floor of
the guard shack and waking up and
looking at the jip bunk. Uh you know
when when it came flashing back that's
when I went back and tried to put the
time together like getting on the truck
and knowing what
why I felt so odd when I got on the
truck. Well, it was because I had had
this experience, but it was fading, you
know, and and by the time I got back to
base, it was gone, you know. It was uh
although there was this nagging feeling
that I knew something had happened, but
I couldn't tell you what it was, but it
it really nagged at me. It was, you
know, uncomfortable feeling. Something
happened, but I don't know what. Did you
have any physical marks or chips
implanted or anything like that?
>> Not that I know of. I can tell you just
and I don't know if it relates or not. I
recall at one time uh I had it like a
sinus deal and I I blew my nose and a BB
came out little round ball with a flat
side on it.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. But I didn't correlate that to
that experience at all. I didn't I
didn't connect it. Well, what when was
that?
>> Oh, probably few years later, you know.
>> But that that's really interesting.
>> Yeah, it is now that I looked at
>> a metal BB came out of your nose.
>> Out of my nose. Yeah.
>> And and I believe the nose is one of the
most common places that people have sort
of implants.
>> I didn't I didn't connect at all. I just
was I wonder I thought maybe well when I
was a kid. Bob Hastings himself who
wrote UFOs and Nukes is actually a UFO
experiencer and he wrote a book about
this called Confessions
>> and he talks about an implant in his
nose and then waking up with uh blood on
his pillow. You did mention after the
camping trip in 1988 you waking up with
blood on your pillow,
>> right?
>> Uh did that have to do with anything
that possibly was inserted in you? You
know, there are implants that have been
reported in certain abduction cases. I
was aware of the concept of implants and
people finding blood on you know their
clo bed bed clothing and so on so forth.
Um I never felt the need for whatever
reason to you know uh investigate that
further you know like try to get an
X-ray. I mean if you went to a doctor
and said you know I think I have an
alien implant in my head would you x-ray
me? I just wasn't prepared to go there.
So I I you know I thought I might have
something in my body but I didn't really
think about it. Well, uh, in 2001, I
believe it was, um, I was having
breathing problems. I had a deviated
septum. So, I finally had some nasal
surgery. And so, I have that done to
correct this problem. And I go in for
the post operation meeting with the
doctor. And he said, he was like, I
would say in his late 60s, early 70s, he
was shaking his head literally and
figuratively. And he said, "I found
something in your right nostril that was
so hard I almost couldn't break through
it." He said, "It was the damnest thing,
you know, and he was saying, you know,
I've done this for many years. I've
never seen anything like it or
encountered anything like it." Whatever
words he used. And you know, I'm kind of
rolling my eyes and going, "Holy crap. I
bet I know what it was." But what they
do is they have a a vacuum wand with a
tube attached to a tank. And so they're
they're rotorooering
your nose and getting cartilage out and
cleaning up your nasal passages. So
whatever was in there, they just sucked
out and discarded. You know, to him it
was just some sort of biological
anomaly.
>> She never saved it.
>> So you know, it was gone by the time,
you know, he told me about that.
>> I just did. It was quite a few years
later. I didn't connect it. I just
thought it was I must have put that in
there when I was a kid. It was the only
thing it wasn't a copper BB. It was it
was uh like chrome plated or something.
>> Did you save it and test it or anything
else or?
>> No, cuz I I I
spit it, you know, into my hand and then
I thought, "Oh, this must have been
there for years and I threw it away."
>> Did you ever think, "What is this doing
up here or
>> Well, I thought I maybe snuck it in when
I was a kid. You know, I didn't do kids
stick things in their ears. I stuck
stings in my ears and my nose. So that's
what I related it to. But now later when
they talk about implants, I think, well,
it still could have been something I put
in my nose when I was a kid or it could
have been an implant. I don't know.
>> Did you ever do any sort of hypnotic
regression or see any sort of
psychiatrist?
>> I I kind of was hoping Lonnie would want
to do it, but she didn't want to do it.
Did you ever think that there was some
sort of trickery involved and somebody
was messing with your mind?
>> Uh,
no. It was too too vivid, too real.
Nobody could do what was done to me.
Nobody could create that kind of terror.
Nobody could evoke that kind of love. I
mean, nobody could do that. That was
>> supernatural, you know. It was a I mean,
the terror Yeah. I was a rat trapped in
a box. You know that was but the love
nobody could could nobody could do that.
>> You mentioned Lonnie your friend who has
hypnotic regression experience. Uh so
you told her about this experience
right?
>> How many people have you told? How many
friends have you told? I told well
Lonnie was the wife of my best friend
and I told Mike my best friend
>> and uh consequently
uh he had mentioned something to Lonnie
that I gave her the whole story and then
uh I had told uh
uh couple of people that I kind of
trusted that they weren't real close
friends but I had coffee with quite
often and and I knew pretty well. I
mean, we had pretty good large group of
guys that used to hang out in Starbucks
and drink coffee and BS at night. And uh
>> Did you ever tell anybody who was
stationed at the base with you at
Vandenberg?
>> No. No. Okay. I I I kept my, you know,
it was first of all, it was like if I
wanted to, I don't think I could because
it was like I was told not to and not,
you know, the beings had conditioned me
or hypnotized me or something. I would
try to, but then it was it was don't
don't you know like
>> it was as if they still had some
lingering control over you.
>> Some control and you don't say anything
just keep your mouth shut cuz I tried
several times I wanted to and I
couldn't.
>> Did you know anything about UFOs at the
time prior to the experience?
>> Well, you know, everybody heard of
Barney Hill and and uh you know I had no
real extensive knowledge of it. It
wasn't uh I mean probably some I've read
stories or but I didn't focus on it or
dwell on it or or uh it wasn't a big
deal to me, you know.
>> Do you think about what happened to you
now a lot and do you think about the
implications and meaning of what
happened
>> all the time?
>> And what conclusions have you drawn?
just what that that they're out there
and they're not going to let us go to
nuclear war, you know, and come hill or
high water and and uh and if they do
then uh it's their game, not ours
anymore. You know, they'll leave us
alone unless we uh I mean, this is the
sense I got that they would leave us
alone unless we screwed up.
>> What do you hope to achieve now by
relaying your story to me? Hopefully,
you know, hundreds of thousands of
people at least get to hear your
testimony. What do you hope they take
away from it?
>> Well, it's just one more like I like
when I when I wrote uh Bob Salazar. I'm
not in this for anything. It's just a
piece of data that might be interesting
to him uh or anybody else. And just
another piece to me is, you know, uh
Robert Hastings's book's got like 169
accounts in it. you know, if he if he
updates it, I'm number 170. This uh
mine's a little more unique cuz he only
has with me eight cases of of the third
kind.
>> Close encounters of the third kind. So,
actually experiencing beings themselves.
That's right. Only eight of his, you
know, 167 some odd experiencers have had
those experiences where they see beings.
I do think though, it's funny, I've had
this conversation with Bob Hastings in
the past where I say, "Did you did you
systematically ask all of the
whistleblowers who just seen crafts
whether they've seen beings themselves?"
And he said, "No." And so if eight
people have volunteered that they've
seen beings, you have to think that
number is actually just much higher.
>> Yeah, I assume it is. I think I mean
there's lots of people out there who
said they seen there's always the issue
you know how I could tell this story and
there's always going to be somebody's
going to want to debunk it the first
thing they're going to say and has been
said to me well you have no witnesses
you know you were out there by yourself
so did you make this story up or or
with uh George before George Nari you
had
Artbell.
>> Art Bell. Okay. There was somebody that
had I had called in uh an Art Bell and
uh I did get through and and uh
basically he said, "Well, he would uh
email me." He bought my email address
and that he would email me. He says,
"But if I find out you're screwing
around or lying," he says, "I'm going to
make it very tough on you."
>> Our bell said this. not Artbell, the guy
that he was interviewing.
>> Ah,
>> and so we had quite an exchange for a
while. I told him that, you know, pretty
much his story.
>> Who was this?
>> I don't know. I tried to look back over
my emails and and I could only go back
so far.
>> Describe him. Maybe I could
>> uh he had written uh it wasn't Bob
Hastings cuz I talked told Bob Hastings
about this and I didn't know Bob
Hastings was one I had talked to when I
called George Dory
>> except he remembered that he
he didn't remember my particular talk
but you know what I had said to him but
he was on George Nar being interviewed.
>> When was this interview with George Nory
that you called into?
>> Probably about
Oh, seven, eight years ago.
>> Okay. And so that's live for everyone to
>> Yeah, that was the other one was live,
too.
>> So, and both are probably out there. So,
we could probably dig up the you
>> I would like and Bob Hastings would like
me to dig up the first one bill,
>> but all I could do is go back over the
>> my,
you know, by AOL and see, but they're
all erased. Sure. I can only go back.
Well, describe the person who Art Bell
was interviewing and maybe I can help
you out.
>> He was he was very much like Bob Bob
Hastings. He had written a book. uh it
was more extensive than just UFO, you
know, UFOs and Dukes, but uh sounded
very credible and and uh the only thing
he said is, you know, we had had this
exchange through seven or eight emails.
And he said, well, he couldn't he
couldn't include me any further books
because he couldn't collaborate it,
>> corroborate it.
>> Corroborate
>> because you didn't have someone else
coming out who was witnessing the thing.
He said, "I believe you, but it just
it's not something I could put in my
book because I want to yeah,
>> everything cooperate."
>> Well, sounds like a decent researcher.
Was it was the name Lindamman by any
chance?
>> I could I can't remember.
>> Or Oxler or Okay.
>> I can't remember your name half the
time. I'm
>> No, you're good. Um, well, I think you
know, stories at Vandenberg are so
compelling because not only like do you
have a story happening the same month
>> Yeah. that was corroborated by Floren's
Mansman who is the major who is in
charge in supervising Bob Jacobs who's a
photo instrumentation specialist. So you
do have a witness there
>> but that happened the same month and
then you also have other stories at
Vandenberg. Do you know who Jeff Natelli
is by any chance? He's an interesting
witness and he and some colleagues I
believe in the early 2000s uh
experienced you know this UFO
>> between 2003 and 2005. Five UAP
incidents occurred at Vandenberg Air
Force Base. The incursions began on
October 14th, 2003 when Boeing
contractors reported a massive glowing
red square silently hovering over two
missile defense sites. After several
minutes, it drifted further east onto
the base and vanished over the hills.
This event, now known as the Vandenberg
Red Square, was referenced by
Representative Luna at the first hearing
on this topic. Official Air Force
records of this event are in possession
by Arrow and the FBI.
Later that night, while I was on duty,
security guards at a critical launch
site reported a bright, fastm moving
object over the ocean. I responded to
the incident. Chaos ensued over the
radio as the object approached rapidly.
I heard my friends screaming, "It's
coming right at us. It's coming right
for us. And now it's right here.
Moments later, I heard them say that it
had shot off and was gone. When I
arrived on scene, I talked to five
shaken witnesses who described a massive
triangular craft larger than a football
field that hovered silently for about 45
seconds over their entry control point
before shooting away at impossible
speed.
>> So, Vandenberg is definitely a hot spot.
It's one of these places like Malmstrom
uh you know base in Montana where
throughout the years you have recurring
patterns of UFO sightings. So
>> right
>> I do think there is some sort of
intimate connection there.
>> Oh yeah. I think this is an ongoing
thing. I think is going on right now.
And then and I think what my impression
was that they're not going to, you know,
they're going to be ready to intervene
should we go, you know, let those
missiles loose. But until then, they're
going to stay in the background.
Although, I'm not sure they're always in
the background because there's a lot
going on now that makes me wonder if
they're orchestrating a lot of this
steps towards this disclosure. M you
think the beings themselves might be
orchestrating disclosure?
>> Yeah, that's that's speculation. I don't
know.
>> Well, Richard, thank you so much for
doing this. I really appreciate it.
>> You're welcome.
>> And uh yeah, appreciate your courage and
uh and and all the incredible detail and
I and I hope that this again allows
other people to come forward as So too
because I I
if nothing else does get some people
prepared to this ultimate disclosure so
that they're think about it. They're
ready for it when it comes. And uh I
think there's enough evidence out there,
overwhelming evidence. And I think again
we go back to nukes and or UFO nukes
that well researched evidence in one
source. And there's thousands of sources
out there. I'm I'm trying to think of uh
Project Blue Book. Who was the who was
the doctor? Uh
>> Jay Alen Heinik.
>> Yeah. Yeah. He came to took the evidence
and he a very brilliant man.
>> Yeah. No. No. Nobody who spends
more than three days on the UFO topic
comes to the conclusion that it's fake
other than people associated with our
nuclear programs or the DOE or the
Atomic Energy Commission. So you know or
the you know NDRC or you know precursors
to you know our atomic programs. So you
have Don Menzel who's you know this kind
of deep state spook you know friends
with Vanavar Bush held all the
clearances in the book. He he he you
know ran Bureau of Statistics for the
US. He was dogmatically opposed to UFOs.
Uh you have Jaylen Heinik who was
opposed but then you know later
retracted all of that stuff and kind of
repented for the fact that he was
opposed. Um you have a couple other
people in official positions. a guy, you
know, Edward Condan, who wrote the
first, uh, you know, textbook on quantum
mechanics in the English language. You
know, people don't realize he was
appointed supposedly appointed by the,
you know, Project Blue Book on this
independent commission,
you know, in Colorado, um, and it was
supposed to, yeah, the Condan report.
And it was supposed to go through all
these UFO cases and and basically be an
independent check against Blue Book's
findings. And then you find out that he
was, you know, very close friends with
Oenheimer going back to, you know, their
studies at Gotten in Germany in the 20s.
And he wrote the Los Alamos primer,
helped pick Los Alamos as the site for
the Manhattan Project. The Los Alamos
Primer was something that all employees
had to read upon joining the Manhattan
Project and wrote the McMahon Secrecy
Act, which is in 1946 basic basically
the precursor to the Atomic Energy Act
in 1954 and which is kind of this clo
and dagger way to overlay uh you know
atomic secrecy uh uh with UFO secrecy.
So basically, you spend a few days on
this, you're you become open-minded or
you're dogmatically opposed because
you're like some sort of operationalized
asset against the thing. [laughter]
>> You're protecting your own uh
>> Exactly. And maybe, you know, maybe
there are a few contemporary examples
where I don't want to say they're full
bad faith actors, but you know, it's
probably easy to impugn a lot of their
motives as well. But anyways, you know,
even though the the the latest TE head
of Arrow, you know, our official, you
know, again, modern investigation
program, which is similar to Blue Book,
it's probably just this fake hit job on
UFOs, is a guy named Sean Kirkpatre,
who, you know, has long ties with the
DOE, worked at Oakidge, uh, you know,
got this award from Brook Haven when he
was, you know, a teenager, and, you
know, has has all sorts of, you know,
um,
monetary incentives to say this stuff is
fake. So, anyways, Richard, I really
appreciate you and um this was a lot of
fun and I and I hope hopefully it uh it
shakes the world up.